   Performed by Doug Supernaw Written by Reed Nielson Bmi). From the album Red and Rio Grande 1992 bmg Music/Bna. Transcribed by: Darragh Egan  May 14 1997 Please send any questions comments or corrections to me. Note: music varies slightly from verse to verse.  I play this as an Arpeggio rather than strumming.  It really emphasizes the D4 D D2 D Chord changes. Intro: It was six in the morning when I made the county line There's someone I've got to talk to can't get it off my mind. He is just a kid and he's in a pretty rough spot Two dimes to make a phone call that's about all I got. How's my boy today  I know it's been three weeks But you know how far I've got to go these days to make ends meet. How's your mama now with her new live-in friend Oh how I hate the wounds that never seem to mend. You said I don't call him daddy but he takes care of things. When you pick me up on Friday are you gonna bring me anything Oh don't worry Dad you know it don't matter what we do Cause I don't call him daddy he can never be like you.  God bless the little hearts there the ones who really pay When Mom and Dad can't get along and they go their separate ways. In a way I'm glad there's someone there to fill the empty space Tears of understanding stream down a dirty face. You said I don't call him daddy but he takes care of things. When you pick me up on Friday are you gonna bring me anything Oh don't worry Dad you know it don't matter what we do Cause I don't call him daddy he can never be like you Be like you Be like you. He is quite a little man growin' up as fast as he can And I don't get to see him half as much as I had planned. There's so much I need to tell him so precious little time A little rain on the window  and a little wave... Goodbye You said I don't call him daddy but he takes care of things. When you pick me up on Friday are you gonna bring me anything Oh don't worry Dad you know it don't matter what we do Cause I don't call him daddy he can never be like you. He said I don't call him daddy but he takes care of things. When you pick me up on Friday are you gonna bring me anything Oh don't worry Dad you know it don't matter what we do Cause I don't call him daddy he can never be like you. 