   Day o Day-ay-ay-o. Daylight come an' we wanna go home. Daylight come an' we wanna go home. Daylight come an' we wanna go home. Daylight come an' we wanna go home. Hey Mr. Tallyman tally me banana. Daylight come an' we wanna go home. All you people come an' play on the piano. Daylight come an' we wanna go home. Let's do it Whoah listen to a story 'bout a man named Jed. A poor mountaineer barely kept his family fed. And then one day he was shootin' at some food An' up through the ground come a bubblin' crude. (A bub-bub-bubblin' crude. Bub-bub-bub-bubblin' crude. Well the first thing you know old Jed's a millionaire. The kinfolk said: Jed move away from there. He said: California is the place you oughta be. So they loaded up the truck and they moved to Beverly. (B-B-B-Beverly. B-B-B-Beverly. Whoah listen to a story 'bout a man named Jed. A poor mountaineer barely kept his family fed. And then one day he was shootin' at some food An' up through the ground come a bubblin' crude. (A bub-bub-bubblin' crude. Bub-bub-bub-bubblin' crude. Hey well the first thing you know old Jed's a millionaire. The kinfolk said: Jed move away from there. He said: California is the place you oughta be. So they loaded up the truck and they moved to Beverly. (B-B-B-Beverly. B-B-B-Beverly. I said hip hop hip hip hippity hip hip hop You don't stop rockin' to the bang bang boogie Sit up jump the boogie to the rythmn of the boogie to be. I said what you hear is not on text I'm a rappin' to the beat. 'Cept me him a loody-toot We're gonna try an' move your feet I said I am wonder mic And I brought two friends along. And next on the mic is my man Hank C'mon Hank sing that song. Check it out. Well I'm a cas and an ova And the rest is fly. You see I go by the name of Casanova For these reasons I'll tell you why. I said my name is known all over the world By the foxy ladies and the pretty girls And when you step inside Do the freak do the bum boys do the deed And the stuff you see just ain't you at Everybody I say it go like that. I said hotel motel Holiday Inn. I said if your girl starts actin up Then you take her friend. Day o Day-ay-ay-o. Daylight come an' we wanna go home. Daylight come an' we wanna go home. Daylight come an' we wanna go home. Daylight come an' we wanna go home. 