   She told me I've taken her to places she has never been before But really she was taking me places I promised myself I'd never go to damn... Pff damn let me start from the beginning... Alright man I want all of you brothers to get rid of frustration And show sweet honey for your mouth Yeah yeah yeah one two Some say she was from Cali Some say the Carolinas Mom was a belly dancer Pap' was a neverminder No drugs or alcohol No weed or marijuana You think the backstage was the last place you'd find her First time I saw her kinda Reminded me a of a chick you see in... Carawana Friendly and talkative yeah look as so marvellous hair Dead nicotine filling life..... In the city You gotta see this but I am back resting peace parting it I start thrilling.... Out of my consciousness It's just that when I think... Oh girl my whole world collapses all So enwrenched in all overflow this She approaches me with a smurf to say We can do work no matter what time or day of the week it is So... That backstage girl she fell to her knees just to pray on my weaknesses Homey I told her straight up you know I got a significant other... She ain't care She said tonight I wanna be your insignificant lover.... What God damn... Oh we left the club at around two Just enough time to meet my niggers for round two At another spot dj playing the sounds too Hopefully divert me from being a scout drew In the spot making my rounds do The crowd trying to throw her off But she's on me like a bloodhound Jew Wouldn't believe how hard I tried to fight it Passions and desires were closing in And that's what it amounts to I looked her in the eyes And say I don't even know your name It feels wrong even though I don't show it... She said I wish I could tell you the same But I won't tell you my name cause I want you to Fuck me like you don't know it I responded with a smurf to let he know We can do work no matter what time or day of the week it is So... That backstage girl fall down to her knees to pray on my weaknesses But man can you fight her Go ahead You'd think the backstage Would be the last place you'd find her You'd think the backstage Would be the last place you'd find her Been all around the world seen so many faces Was looking for love in all the wrong places Been all around the world seen so many faces Backstage girl Was looking for love in all the wrong places I woke up the next morning all tangled up in her hair That's when I realized she had me all where she wanted me She told me I'd taken her to places she'd never been before But really she took me to a place I promised myself I'd never return to And I was fucked up And the thing was I didn't feel bad about what I've done I just felt stupid for trying to fight it for so long I mean really who I was fooling I knew what time it was soon as I saw her Soon as she smiled at me and guy can tell what the foetal position was And I dare she'd gave it too I thought I had changed But niggas never changes But it took that one night That one passionate night for me to realize what I needed to do I gotta stop fucking with these whores off of my space though Some say she was from Cali some say the Carolinas Mom was a belly dancer pap' was a neverminder No drugs or alcohol no weed no marijuana You think the backstage was the last place you'd find her You'd think the backstage Would be the last place you'd find her Been all around the world Seen so many faces Was always looking for love in all the wrong places Been all around the world Seen so many faces Was always looking for love in all the wrong places Been all around the world Seen so many faces Well well well Was always looking for love in all the wrong places Oh yeah Been all around the world Seen so many faces Backstage girl Was always looking for love in all the wrong places 