I've written shit that's been lost throughout time And the moment I forget I remember you yeah The true fan who's waiting for a sixteen But instead I give 'em eight of the truth I ain't even go hard on these beats man I'm waiting for that album baby My flow change every time I spit man I'm trying to drive hip hop crazy Yeah this is my sanity room Directions empty out your closet I swear you got some skeletons just hanging while you're walking Perfection maybe once we reach it I promise we gon' elevate this mother fucking thing Last night I wrote the best shit best shit Best shit ever you can check it Girl I left it right upon your dresser Next to all your pretty sexy things sexy things And everything is empty glass bottles and a note that never made it  Cause that wave never wave and that ocean never gave in And my heart is...  I've got my own fucking opinions I swear you'll get no...  I swear I am the greatest I don't know about religion  I just pray that you can take it  My mode is I'm fucked up  I'm just trying to keep it real so trust that  I got way too many on me and I not enough time for all I see  So all I know is all I'll be...  To all these bitches that wanted me That wanted me and wanted these  Heels and blue dressing white and ocean view and london nights  London nights getting higher than the clouds do girl  Getting higher than the clouds do  Getting higher than the clouds do  It's october in july I swear these costumes make me sick  Needed doses something real before this nightmare turns...  I'm only sitting in the moment but the future holds my past Cause every second I'm without it I swear I still feel the cash  All this money is nothing... is kinda funny how we...  And all this money but you know that I'm saving it all  All this money in the sanity room  Yeah all this money is nothing getting on Is kinda funny how we...  All this money you know that I'm saving it all  Getting higer than the...  Getting higer than the...  Getting higer than the...  ... for the last fifteen it's all it takes I'mma saying a lot of things I don't mean Fuck it I'm a money maker my heart is And I swear that these girls is on my target  Is he... is he changed They see things and need rings  I'm good though that drink there got me feeling like...  If I do... I probably win,...  ... but it ain't no way to make sense  Cause if you know me then you would know that every day I say is...  Here we are young kings again  Here we are young kings again  Oh oh oh oh  ... so in other words it's not really your fucking opinion  It's just... to think at myself like somebody I can relate to  Long ass... long ass I...  ... all this talking... it's not even a song really  So fuck you is my version too short Fuck you is my version too long 