   We want eazy Yeah Yeah Can ya'll hear that Can ya'll hear that (YEAH Well clap ya hands then-come on Clap ya hands everybody Clap ya hands come on come on Put ya hands together and clap 'em Now can y'all say Eazy Come on say it EAZ-Y Everybody come on EAZ-Y... Who did ya'll come to see EAZ-Y A little lot of come on EAZ-Y get those hands in the air EAZ-Y come on come on SING IT EAZ-Y a little lot of come on EAZ-Y Come on make some noise EAZ-Y Ey yo Ren lets do this People from everywhere gather around Checkin' out the sound that Eazy is throwin' down With some help from Ren and Dre Makin' a way with dope style Yo Eazy what ya gotta say A miracle of modern creation Eazy E's on the set Hyped up with the bass And a little bit of what ya love From a brother who's smooth like a criminal I mean subliminal Otherwise known as a villain Because I'm ruthless When I spot a sucka I kill 'em But most I think know not to deal with me Yo it's obvious tell 'em who you came to see EAZ-Y... Eazy hey Eazy what's up Why you wear your pants like that I wear my pants like this for easy access baby. (get funky get funky with it Yeah that's right. Yo homeboy where we takin this jam to COMPTON where?COMPTON allright. Now i wanna know who ya'll came to see EAZ-Y... Yo Eazy kick another vers Yeah ''cause this is the way I know you like it So you won't strike it I took it and I hyped it And now that it's done I know ya pleased At how the E just duz it with ease Just imagine a crowd screamin' a girl dreamin' Just to get a picture of me 'n' my B-O-Y-Z From the H-double-O-D N.W.A. down with me Strong 'n' I'm ragin' Turn the page 'n' See I'm not a son of a gun I'm a gauge 'n' Nuthin' can avoid this shot 'cause it's hittin' It's so cool when you touch it wear a mitten I'm comin' off raw into ya speaker Makin' the suckas on the street feel weaker But most I think know not to deal with me Yo it's obvious tell 'em who you came to see EAZ-Y... Send me back to the bridge i like that part. Yo man you wasn't born in no 73 Why you be lyin about your age Man why you gotta bring that up Yo get this fool outta hear (get,get funky with it Yo easy why you always cursin on your records Man who are you Gene Altry or somethin I just do that to get my point accross Now i wanna know who you came to see EAZ-Y.. Yo this record is almost over so that mean ya'll gotta get hyped up Aw never I'm just too clever So in fact that no one can sever A blow from a maniac and yo I make it clear So a register is all I hear Money overturned then I jet To make another hit for you to go and get Record stores sold out because you love it Another example of how Eazy duz it EAZ-Y We want Eazy... 