   Got damn I'm glad y'all set it off. Used to be hard now you're just wet and soft. First you was down with the ak And now I see you on a video with michel'le Lookin' like straight bozos. I saw it comin' that's why I went solo. And kept on stompin' When y'all mothafuckers moved straight outta compton. Livin' with the whites one big house And not another nigga in site. I started off with too much cargo Dropped four niggas now I'm makin' all the dough. White man just rulin'. The niggas with attitudes -- who ya foolin' Ya'll niggas just phony I put that on my mama and my dead homeys. Yella boy's on your team so you're losin' Ay yo dre stick to producin'. Callin' me arnold but you been-a-dick Eazy e saw your ass and went in it quick. You got jealous when I got my own company But I'm a man and ain't nobody helpin' me. Tryin' to sound like amerikkka's most You could yell all day but you don't come close. 'cause you know I'm the one that flown Ya done run 100 miles but you still got one to go. With the l-e-n-c-h m-o-b and y'all disgrace the c-p-t. 'cause you're gettin' fucked out your green by a white boy With no vaseline... l.l. sample: now you're gettin' done without vaseline... 3x (biz markie sample: damn it feels good to see people...on it The bigger the cap the bigger the peelin' Who gives a fuck about a punk-ass villain You're gettin' fucked real quick And eazy's dick is smellin' like mc ren's shit. Tried to tell you a year ago But willie d told me to let a hoe be a hoe so I couldn't stop you from gettin' ganked Now let's play big-bank-take-little-bank. Tried to dis ice cube it wasn't worth it 'cause the broomstick fit your ass so perfect. Cut my hair and I'll cut them balls 'cause I heard you're like givin' up the drawers. Gang-banged by your manager fella Gettin' money out your ass like a mothafuckin' ready teller. Givin' up the dollar bills Now they got the villain with a purse and high-heels. So don't believe what ren say 'cause he's goin' out like kunte kinte But I got a whip for ya toby Used to be my homey now you act like you don't know me. It's a case of divide-and-conquer 'cause you let a jew break up my crew. House nigga gotta run and hide Yellin' compton but you moved to riverside. So don't front mc ren 'cause I remember when you drove a b 2-10. Broke as a mothafuckin' joke. Let you on the scene to back up the verse team. It ain't my fault one nigga got smart And they rippin' your asshole apart. By takin' your green oh yeah The villain does get fucked with no vaseline. I never have dinner with the president. I never have dinner with the president. I never have dinner with the president. And when I see your ass again I'll be hesitant. Now I think you a snitch Throw a house nigga in a ditch. Half-pint bitch fuckin' your homeboys. You little maggot eazy e turned faggot. With your manager fella Fuckin' mc ren dr. dre and yella. But if they were smart as me Eazy e would be hangin' from a tree. With no vaseline just a match and a little bit of gasoline. Light 'em up burn 'em up flame on... Till that jheri curl is gone. On a permanent vacation off the massa plantation. Heard you both got the same bank account Dumb nigga what you thinkin' bout Get rid of that devil real simple put a bullet in his temple. 'cause you can't be the nigga 4 life crew With a white jew tellin' you what to do. Pullin' wools with your scams now I gotta play the silence of the lambs. With a midget who's a punk too Tryin' to fuck me but I'd rather fuck you. Eric wright punk always into somethin' gettin' fucked at night. By mista shitpacker bend over for the gotdamn cracker no vaseline... 