   Ren: Prisoner like a hostage yo You should've covered your motherfucking head like an ostrich. Deep in the dirt cause you'se a sucker And your ass up high so I can kick the motherfucker. Don't try to hang you best avoid Cause my foot'll be so far up your ass you'll get hemorrhoids. Before you try to fuck with Ren I'll put two in your ass and you'll be shitting in size ten. Dre: First come first serve Who else got the nerves step up and give what you deserve. From the word of a motherfucking hip-hop maniac Braniac so what you oughta do is step the fuck back. Now how the fuck you think a rapper lasts With your ass ain't shit that is said in the past. Yo be original your shit is sloppy Get off the dick you motherfucking call-the-coppy. Ren: Falling deep in the drums with many of styles That's one of the reasons a nigga ran a hundred miles. Cheating and out beating the crowd I kept seating But weak motherfuckers biting off and they kept eating. Styles they got are full of bull cause their vocals are local In nightclubs and not getting paid in full. They got the nerve to cuss Only reason niggaz picking your record is cause they thought is was us. Dre: Yo give 'em what I gotta give do 'em what I gotto do You don't care for me so who gives a fuck about you. You can't harm me alarm me Cause we're the generals in this fucking hip-hop army. The niggaz With Attitudes if you didn't know We blow flow and didn't move slow from the get-go. Yo time for some taking Yo fuck this shit Yella kick the break in. (Aaaah It's the real thing You are now real real niggaz Niggaz Ren: You can run but you can't hide you know I'ma find ya Cause a nigga like Ren's only two steps behind ya. Don't look back because you're shaking and all scared A nigga in black can be your scariest nightmare. So sleep with the lights on forget that the mic's on Don't step on the motherfucking stage with our nights on. Don't see a psycho and then you just might go Mentally fucked up when I let the rifle blow. Dre: All these niggaz with the gibber-jabber But couldn't kill a fly with a motherfucking sledgehammer. Gangsters in black are out there But only because yo it's the shit that we wear. On my motherfucking dick But I'ma love it when you drop like a motherfucking brick. So yo step up go to bed cause if you're misled You'll get a motherfucking bullet in your forehead. Eazy Ren): Black the good the bad the ugly see I love streetwise nigga you know me. Rolling with some real niggaz playing for keeps But you motherfuckers know who run the streets. With that hardcore hip-hop rap-shit (Now how much harder can another nigga get). Trying to be like us sound like us drift like us (Ashes to ashes and dust to dust). So nigga nigga nigga nigga nigga nigga please Since you're on the dick why don't you drop to your knees. Cause I'm a motherfucker that's out to kill Eazy E a nigga that's real. Ren: Real niggaz straight off the streets of Compton. Quick to getting your shit without a second thought. And if your ass gets smoked it's my bullet you caught. So if you're talking shit about the niggaz in black Bow down to the kings and raid a half. They're played out that's what niggaz were chatting One nigga left and they said we ain't having it. People thought we was finished and done with But if you think about it yo we really ain't done shit. Catch so cover your ears and wipe off your tears And quit sniffing all over my dick for new ideas. And when the new record comes don't come like a fucking bum Asking for fucking money to buy you a fucking crumb. You're on the dick so far niggaz not one And when it comes to dicks you don't even have one. So braze yourself to make sure you don't get fucked up Cause if I let you slide it's just cause you're locked up. Don't come up my face again because I'ma floor ya And if you're a bitch I'ma fucking ignore ya. Because my attitude's a little bigger Cause mc Ren is one of the real niggaz. Dre: Lost in the motherfucking world of madness sadness But Dre is just a nigga that's glad it's Sucker motherfuckers like you making whack jams Because it only you shows you how dope I am. Never try to ignore us When I'm expressing stand still like you're full of riggermortis. Cause I'm a real nigga but I guess you figure You could break me take me but watch me pull the trigger. Dre is just a nigga with heart a nigga that's smart A nigga that's paid to say what others are scared to play. We started out with too much cargo So I'm glad we got rid of Benedict Arto. Yo N. W. A. criticized for what we say But I'ma do this shit anyway. Cause I'm the motherfucking doctor never faking Yo Yella kick the motherfucking break in. (Aaaah It's the real thing You are now real real niggaz Niggaz (Aaaah Yeah motherfucker it's the real thing You are now real real niggaz Niggaz Ren: N. W. A. straight outta motherfucking Compton Taking over shit in all of the nineteen-nineties Yo Dr. Dre dj Yella Eazy E and I am mc Ren yo N. W. A. Taking over this motherfucker y'all... 